You almost have to normalize. This is
the first time I've ever used that word.
You have to normalize
ridiculing people for complaining about
the prices of beef.
[music]
Hi, my name is John Jish. I'm a doctor
of biomedical engineering. Today I want
to talk about prices of food and things
tend
things that people tend to complain
about when it comes to prices of food
and more interestingly things people
don't complain about. So this video hit
my inbox and I I really just had to
react to it. So check this out. We have
our priorities all effed up. We have a
problem paying $6 or $7 a pound for
ground beef. But let me show you what we
don't have a problem paying for.
>> Yeah, it's true. Like there is junk food
that is three, four times the cost of
ground beef per pound. So, when people
complain about the per pound cost of
meat, uh, especially ground beef, which
is sort of the cheapest option, man,
it's ludicrous. Like, if you're eating
any of that stuff or paying for any of
that stuff and complaining about it,
you're like a double fool because you
shouldn't be eating that. Absolutely no
nutritional value. And you're paying
multiples of what actual healthy food
would cost. And then you're complaining
about the cost of healthy food. So like
you got to [laughter]
you almost have to normalize this is the
first time I've ever used that word. You
have to normalize
ridiculing people for complaining about
the prices of beef. Like these it's it's
stupid. Uh it's wrong. Yeah. Don't let
people get away with just continuing to
hammer this misinformation. So
ridiculous. Hope this helps. If you want
to argue with me about the prices of
food, I'm sure there's going to be some
great comments on this one. Please
comment. So, uh, and if you want to
complain about the price of meat, I will
definitely make [music] fun of you. See
you on the next one. If this video
helped you, I want you to subscribe and
follow. I'm going to put out videos on a
regular basis. I think they're going to
help a whole lot of people, especially
if you're one of those people that
doesn't just instantly grow from lifting
regular weights. We've got the answer
for you. [music]